Social life in Glynchorog. The social life in Glynchorog was similar for the majority of families in the village.
The men would be involved in the sport, rugby, football or bowls depending on their age and ability.
As previously described, men would also rent out an allotment where they would grow vegetables for the table.
Some men would also fly pigeons. Most men in the village liked to drink in the many pubs in the village.
Those that had cars would look for entertainment outside the village, but most relied on local entertainment.
The Miners Welfare Hall was the main centre for family entertainment before the late 1960s.
Families could attend the cinema in the hall or one of the many concerts and plays that would be staged there.
The cinema, which showed its first talking picture on 26th December 1933, closed after almost 27 years of service in 1970.
Miners would go to the hall in their black on the way home from the pits to put their name down for a game of snooker,
as they were not allowed to play in their black and this was the only way they could be sure of getting a game later on in the evening.
The aim of the Miners Welfare Hall was to provide a means of social intercourse within the community.
Alcohol was not on sale and people of all ages were encouraged to attend events.
When Southpick closed in 1970, the hall fell into a poor state of repair.
The hall was taken over by the Rugby Club in 1976 and closed all of the facilities with the exception of the bar,
billiard table and large dance hall.